Update runner Docker instructions (#4935)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/runner-installation.adoc

NOTE: The default value is 5 hours.

== Docker Installation

> The host needs to have Docker installed. Once the `runner` container is started, it will immediately attempt to start running jobs.  The container will be reused to run more jobs indefinitely until it's stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The host needs to have Docker installed. Once the `runner` container is started, the container will immediately attempt to start running jobs. The container will be reused to run more jobs indefinitely until it is stopped.
```

The number of containers running in parallel on the host is constrained by the host's available resources and your jobs' performance requirements.

=== Create a Dockerfile that extends the CircleCI Runner image

> Here we install python3 on top of the base image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, python3 is installed on top of the base image.
```

`Dockerfile.runner.extended`

```
FROM circleci/runner:launch-agent
RUN apt-get update; \
    apt-get install --no-install-recommends -y \
        python3
```

=== Build the Docker image

```bash
docker build --file ./Dockerfile.runner.extended .
```

=== Start the Docker container

> Note that we don't pass the environment variable values to the `docker` command, so they're not visible in `ps` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: CircleCI does not pass the environment variable values to the `docker` command, so these environment variables are not visible in `ps` output.
```

> NOTE: The environment variable values are not to the `docker` command, so these environment variables are not visible in `ps` output.

Author: missing word:
> NOTE: The environment variable values are not **passed** to the `docker` command, so these environment variables are not visible in `ps` output.

```bash
CIRCLECI_RESOURCE_CLASS=<resource-class> CIRCLECI_API_TOKEN=<runner-token> docker run --env CIRCLECI_API_TOKEN --env CIRCLECI_RESOURCE_CLASS --name <container-name> <image-id-from-previous-step>
```

When the container starts, it will immediately attempt to start running jobs.

=== Stopping the Docker container

``` bash
docker stop <container-name>
```

=== Additional Resources

> - [CircleCI Runner Image on Docker Hub](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/runner-preview-docs/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/runner-preview-docs/[CircleCI Runner Image on Docker Hub]
```

> - [CircleCI Runner Image on Github](https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-runner-docker)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- https://github.com/CircleCI-Public/circleci-runner-docker[CircleCI Runner Image on Github]
```

> - [CircleCI Docs](https://circleci.com/docs/) - The official CircleCI Documentation website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- https://circleci.com/docs/[CircleCI Docs - The official CircleCI Documentation website]
```

> - [CircleCI Docs](https://circleci.com/docs/) - The official CircleCI Documentation website.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- https://circleci.com/docs/[CircleCI Docs] - The official CircleCI Documentation website.
```

> - [Docker Docs](https://docs.docker.com/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- https://docs.docker.com/[Docker Docs]
```
